capital = 291

#oob = "IRQ_1934"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Battle for the Bosporus"
	}
	set_technology = { camelry = 1 }
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = IRQ_rashid_ali_algaylani
recruit_character = IRQ_yusuf_salman_yusuf
recruit_character = IRQ_abd_almalik_ibn_hisham
recruit_character = IRQ_taha_al_ahmani
recruit_character = IRQ_fahmi_said
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_mahmud_al_shaykh
recruit_character = IRQ_iskandar_al-shami
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah_al-tell
recruit_character = IRQ_mustafa_al_quidsi
recruit_character = IRQ_hamdi_al_pachachi
recruit_character = IRQ_fawsi_al_kaukji
recruit_character = IRQ_khaled_al_dalabeeh
recruit_character = IRQ_jamil_al_midfai
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_ben_jawad
recruit_character = IRQ_bakr_sidqi
recruit_character = IRQ_abdullah
recruit_character = IRQ_amir_al_illah
recruit_character = IRQ_ali_abn_hussein
recruit_character = IRQ_nuri_as_said


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = cd
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	ul = 12
	pa = 15
	cd = 63
	ld = 0
	sd = 0
	sc = 0
	ml = 10
}
create_country_leader = {
	name = "Rashid Ali al-Gaylani"
	desc = "al-gaylani_DESC"
	picture = "gfx/leaders/IRQ/Portrait_IRQ_Rashid_Ali_al_Gaylani.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = cd_type_1
	traits = {
		
	}
}