capital = 289

oob = "SIA_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		#set_air_oob = "SIA_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		#set_air_oob = "SIA_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = SIA_phraya_phahon
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_chichalerm
recruit_character = SIA_chao_phonphayuhasena
recruit_character = SIA_nangklao_suriyawongse
recruit_character = SIA_tianliang_huntrakool
recruit_character = SIA_phra_silpasakrakorn
recruit_character = SIA_luang_sinthusongkhramchai
recruit_character = SIA_thawon_thamrongnawasawat
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_preechacholayudha
recruit_character = SIA_pridi_phanomyong
recruit_character = SIA_sindhu_kamalanavin
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chitnasongkhla
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_thayarnpikart
recruit_character = SIA_phra_vechayanrangsarit
recruit_character = SIA_manphya_khanphialong
recruit_character = SIA_luang_phibunsongkhram
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_wichcitcholathai
recruit_character = SIA_sawat_phutianands
recruit_character = SIA_phraya_chalermarkiart
recruit_character = SIA_kuang_abhayavongsa
recruit_character = SIA_thawee_punyaketu
recruit_character = SIA_phot_bhahalyodin


# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 15

################
### POLITICS ###
################
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = ds
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	ul = 0
	ds = 100
	cd = 0
	ld = 0
	sd = 0
	sc = 0
	ml = 0
}
# Leader Prayoon Pamornmontri
